Natasha Nodine
Resides in Ecuador (GMT-5) | natashanodine@gmail.com | +593 993773582



PROFILE

Highly specialized Semi-Senior Software Developer always at the forefront of cutting-edge technologies. I’m currently working on highly scalable and maintainable end-to-end solutions using React, React Native, Redux, and Jest..

Throughout my career, I have worked on diverse projects including Fintech and Analysis with AI. From small to large-scale projects, I have experience in developing applications that can serve a high volume of users.

In addition to my technical expertise, I consider myself a team player who values communication and collaboration, I also consider myself a fast learner.

WORK EXPERIENCE

CultureX	    United States (Remote) 

Summary: startup originally from the United States building successful cultures through the measurement of performance reviews and people development using AI from MIT.

Frontend Developer	 March 2023 – May 2023
 
Implemented a query builder from scratch by using React and Typescript..
Improved the development time by building modular and reusable UI components to ensure efficient code organization and fast development.
Collaborated closely with the backend development team to seamlessly integrate API endpoints achieving  smooth communication between the front-end and server.
Created a Storybook for the project to have a list of reusable components and see how they work.

Techstack: React, JavaScript, React Hooks, SASS, Redux, React Router, Jest, TypeScript, Storybook, Git.




Technisys	  United States (Remote)

Summary: Technisys is now part of Galileo Financial Technologies, they offer a best-in-class financial technology platform that supports issuing payment cards, mobile push provisioning, and differentiated financial products across industries and geographies.

Semi Senior Frontend Developer	   January 2021 - August 2021

Implemented components from scratch for web in React and mobile in React Native, also using redux to manage the API’s.
Created reusable features in React and ReactNative and adding them to Storybook
Achieved code coverage of at least 80% of the different components using Jest.
Trained new people coming on the team with the project's code and helping them with learning problems they may have.
Maintained constant communication within the front-end team, as well as with the backend developers, QA team, and other stakeholders. Ensure alignment on tasks, requirements, and expectations, resulting in the best possible outcomes for our projects.
Attended several meetings as part of the Scrum methodology in order to understand, refine, and implement solutions of the different Epics/Tasks/User Stories
Interaction with clients and outsourced UX designers to review the design and functionality of the different components that were being designed to later be developed. Here as developers we could ask questions or give advice on how things should work.

Junior Frontend Developer	   November 2021 - March 2023
Created components under guidance from a Senior for web in React and mobile in React Native, also using redux to manage the API’s.
Developed code coverage of at least 80% of the different components using Jest. 
Fixed issues that were reported to optimize processes.

Techstack: React, React Native, JavaScript, React Hooks, SASS, Redux, React Router, Jest, Git, Storybook.
Additional skills: Jira, Scrum



ADDITIONAL & FREELANCE WORK EXPERIENCE (SUMMARY)

SetPatrol - Software Front End Developer. (October 2020 - January 2021)
Techstack: React, CSS, Redux, Wordpress.

Parapente Ecuador - Front End Developer. (2019)
Techstack: Bootstrap, CSS, JavaScript, HTML, WordPress.

Cabañas Río Yambala - Front End Developer. (2019)
Techstack: Bootstrap, CSS, JavaScript, HTML, WordPress.


STACK & SKILLS
Development: React, React Native, Redux, Flexbox, CSS Grid, Styled-components, Storybook, Jest, Sass, Git, Css, HTML, Bootstrap.
Databases: MySQL, MongoDB
Additional tools: Docker, Java, NodeJS, PHP, WordPress.


EDUCATION
Certifications 
The Complete Git Guide: Understand and master Git and GitHub | Udemy 
React, React Redux and Redux Saga - Master React State/Hooks | Udemy 
Testing React with Jest and Testing Library | Udemy 
React Native - The Practical Guide | Udemy 
ES6, ES7 & ES8, Time to update your JavaScript / ECMAScript | Udemy 
Front-EndWeb UI Frameworks and Tools:Bootstrap 4 | Cousera
Front-End Web Development withReact | Cousera
Multiplatform Mobile App Development with React Native | Cousera
Server-side Development with NodeJS, Express and MongoDB | Cousera
Front-EndWeb UI Frameworks and Tools:Bootstrap | Cousera
Front-End JavaScript Frameworks: Angular | Cousera
UTPL University, Ecuador
Computer Science (2012-2015)
 Multiplatform MobileApp Development with WebTechnologies: Ionic and Cordova | Cousera
 Multiplatform Mobile App Development with NativeScript | Cousera
Server-side Development with NodeJS, Express and MongoDB | Cousera


LANGUAGES
English: Native
Spanish: Native
	

